[BKY-6521] Rename repo (#8)
blocky/attestation-service-cli: README.md

The Blocky Attestation Service gives you access to verifiable serverless
computing running inside a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE).

This repository contains release artifacts for the Blocky AS CLI.
To install the current dev version run:

```bash
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocky/attestation-service-cli/refs/heads/main/install.sh | bash
```

> For installation instructions, example usage and documentation, read the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installing specific release versions, example usage, and documentation, read the
```
